1. Clustering on the sequences of a given experiment can be done by running:

`python em_clustering.py <exp_num> <num_clusters> <num_participants> [<block>]`

**<exp_num>** - Number of the experiment according to the data folder in the root directory.
**<num_clusters>** - Number of clusters to cluster the sequences into.
**<num_participants>** - Number of participants to run the clustering for. If the value of this argument is 0, then all participants are considered and the first **<num_participants>** are considered otherwise. 
**<block>** - This is an optional parameter. If unspecified, it considers the whole experiment. If specified, it specifies the block for which the clustering is done. It's value depends on the experiment number but usually it is train and test. 

The clustering is done using a mixture of the softmax generative model and the weights are trained using the Expectation Maximization (EM) algorithm. The results of the clustering are stored in **"python/results/em_clustering_results"** directory.

2. The clustered sequences can be plotted in a cluster-wise directory using the **render_cluster_sequences** function of the render_clicks.py file.


3. The algorithm for interpreting a given strategy requires demonstrations from that strategy. The environments and the       clicks made by a strategy learnt above can be generated by running:

`python generate_cluster_clicks <exp_num> <num_clusters> <num_participants> <strategy_num> <num_simulations>`

**<strategy_num>** - The cluster number of the above automatically discovered strategies
**<num_simulations>** - Number of environments and click sequences to generate

The results are stored in "results/em_clustering_clicks/"

4. Example analysis of the clusters obtained using (1) is done in "Example usage" jupyter notebook.
